That is a great question. And it's a really long and winding story. Um,
my career path or trajectory from kind of like when I started, let's
say in college and now is not a linear process. It all, um or at
least not a straight line. Um, if I had to maybe isolate some key decisions,
that kind of got me to where I am now, I think that the first
one probably would have been taking that taking the bio psychology
class when I was still working on my bachelors degree. Um, I had entered
psychology initially, just kind of with the assumption that I
was going to be a clinician. Um, but honestly, my heart really wasn't
in it. I much preferred, you know, like, kind of like biology and
those types of things on dso. When I took the bio psychology class,
it was this this wonderful marriage of biology and psychology, and
that was the class that really just set me on fire. And I was like,
I need to know more about this. Um, now, unfortunately, I took that
class literally the spring that I was supposed to graduate. So I was,
like, done with my bachelor's degree at that point. And so here I
waas like, this is what I want to dio but I don't know anything about
it. And so I ended up enrolling in graduate school and first I was
in a master's program, um, and learn more about it, and that made me
just love it even more. And so at that point, I decided I wanted to
keep going with my education. And that was probably the second big
decision that I made was I'm going to pursue ah ph. D in bio psychology
Neuroscience. Um, so I did that and, you know, learned even more
about this amazing field and consistently was inspired and just loving
what I dio eso I finished my PhD degree. I took a job in a postdoctoral
position. Um and then I would say the next day Biggest piece
of the puzzle. Waas. Some one of my mentors encouraged me. Thio apply
Thio Cal State Fullerton. They were looking for someone to teach
bio psychology and she encouraged me to apply, and honestly, at the
time, I wasn't really interested. I was I was in the middle of a big
project that I was very engaged in Andi. I wasn't looking. Thio become
a teacher anyways. Um, but she said she just advised me like, Just
do it. Just do it for the practice. If nothing else, just get you.
You're gonna be on the job market soon, so just get used to interviewing.
And this is great practice for you. And so I did. I put my
application together and I applied, and I actually did get a call back
and an on campus interview, and I went and I ended up getting the
job, and that was that, and that's that's how I got here.